Here is an example/guide how to fill domicil's request form (
domicil_filling_guide.odg in attachment ).
Please, be conscious and careful when filling it, you don't want to
fill wrong information there, so think your own, but I've tried to
cover as much as I can in terms of translate and description.
Also, if you already have rodne cislo make a copy and take it with you
and fill it in form.
You also might have rodne cislo written on your povoleni k pobytu already.

As for documents:
Make copy of your passport's first page.
Make both sides copy of your povoleni k pobytu.
Make all pages copy of your work agreement ( it's better to scan all
of pages with setting two-side and then print, so you'll have it for
future ).
Make all pages copy of your rent agreement ( same, it's better to scan it ).
If you have "Doklad ( potvrzení ) o zajištění ubztování" it's also
good to make a copy and take with you, but it may be not necessary.
If your rodne cislo is printed on separate paper, make a copy and take
it with you and write it in request form.

Here http://www.financnisprava.cz/cs/financni-sprava/organy-financni-spravy/uzemni-pracoviste/vyhledavani-up
you can determine your financial office, use the last input field (
PSČ PLÁTCE DANĚ: ) and put your postcode there.
As I know in some offices that don't accept this request everyday, but
in financial office # 3 they do, but you will be able to buy  "stamp"
( kolek ) only on Monday and Wednesday, so buy it in post office or
ask them to pay by bank transfer ( prosim, chtel bych zaplatit pres
ucet ) ( bankovskem prevodem ).

If you will pay by bank transfer and not by stamp ( kolek ):
In attachment you may also find 0270_001.pdf - this is a guide how to
send bank payment to them, same thing financial worker will give to
you, but with different Variable Symbol.
I've send wrong express payment while being in hurry.
I've also attached screenshot from my banking app with, I hope,
correct way of filling fields for this bank transfer.
Remember, that you will have different VS - Variable Symbol and write
your own there.
Also, you may leave "message for recipient" field empty.

I've done this for the first time and decided to share the whole
information with you, but be careful and think your own, cause I might
be wrong at some moments.
